# holly2bolly
H 2 B is in the business of content development, conception of ideas and stories, across the board production, strategic marketing and distribution of visual content, besides multi-lateral syndication and exhibition of films across India and the world. The forte of H 2 B is holistic strategic consulting on end-to-end process of filmmaking and assisting a project at every step so that it sees the light of day as much as it deserves to. We at H 2 B are also mindful of the way the filmmaking process, its intricacies and parameters are changing rapidly by the day due to changing markets, economies and technologies and we are a company fast adapting to those changing business paradigms and technologies.  Today, our online habits are transforming the way we consume video content, whether in blockbuster productions or the advertising industry. H 2 B is mindful of this rapid change happening across the sectors, even more so in the distribution and consumption of entertainment and is adapting itself with technique, talent, temperament and technology to meet these paradigm shifts.  Online streaming platforms such as Netflix, Amazon Prime, Hotstar &amp; Disney are leading a transformation in film entertainment, while social channels like Instagram &amp; Youtube are fast evolving to offer more video content than ever. Facebook is having strategic stakes with large Indian companies and so are many foreign equity investment companies which means, technology is having a pervasive effect on Indian markets besides being a dominant leader in world markets. At H 2 B, we are conscious of this change and have evolved our metrics to cater to your diverse needs to market your products in changing markets with rapidly changing audience preferences.  Technology has in fact opened up audiences, content, distribution and consumption of content. There’s just plenty of stuff rapidly evolving around to get excited about and change our mindset about cinema.
